hey youtube i'm going to measure on you
and how to do the magic moment without
jailbreak first of all you want to just
download what's in my description I'm
just quickly changes you will let's
watch you all download oh yeah when you
open it up it comes above us let's click
on that you got these two yep just come
apart so what you want to do is if you
open that folder up back so then this
folder here comes up a pea three to drag
that into your USB mics
once that's done take your USB stick out
and come on Gio PlayStation once you're
Claudia and your space second a
playstation as you can see I have no
mother comment and I'll show you that I
Hamas closet a broken vase way save it
as you can see all right so now what you
want to do is if you go to a backup
utility click restore click yes then
just click on your USB stick device
comes up with Easter do not click the
one that ends in two or to do not click
that because that will take we get rid
of all your ps3 back to factory settings
just click on backup yes yes all not in
my appear face going back on
I'll say press the PS for evil in there
and then just do what it says
Lord up like normally turn your
controller on what you would normally do
when you're coming on I will come up
with that just like yes it's not i do
ma'am i'll come off
it's coming back on I'll come over this
and you just wanna click circle I
control this up turned on that's why
it's not working then I will just cause
normally then you will get these to file
and users just open top sign up and I'll
just use my head count so I'll just skip
this bit so you can't see and then we'll
and yeah just come off sign in
yeah so as you can tell you what a
comment and if you want to change this
you just back a bit then just for
example i will put
I put soap then I'll come up there
change it you'll see and you can change
your places
and Madam away that one I'm thanks for
watching YouTube and see you guys later
bye